week1
Group formed and discussed project topic with Tingting Peng, Patrick Li, Yuhang Yang and Wanchen Zhao.
We finilized the topic with MyRecipes.
Created account on Jira and talked with groupmates about the available software tools that we might use afterwards. 

week2
Joined Github Group and brainstormed about potential functions(existing functions and noval ones),
discuessed with group members about user stories.

week3
Participated in group meeting and discussed about the frontend architecture. 
Finished the background part in group report as well as the some user stories.

week4
Developped the frontend functions related to user stories including viewing profile page, 
update personal informations and change passwords. Also add search component into the menu bar.
Connected to predefined api correspondingly.

week5
Cooperated with group members to build demo A, test with different cases and fix the related bugs 
Wrote the third part of the retrospective demo A report adn cooperated with members to discuss 

week6
Developped related components for recipe creation including consistent text input box, step desciptions box, 
ingredients picker, image selector, multi-type toggle button and cooking type radio group
Designed the page layout for recipe creation and recipe edition and implement on js and css to have a visually feedback 


week7
Combined the components for creation and apply the components to edit recipe.
Built recipe creation api, recipe edit api, recipe delete and recipe view api to make the fontend and backend connected 
Cooperated with backend members to make the process work.


week8
Added more features for recipe creation and edition, including validation on input 
and steps/ingredients increment and decrement and image replacement and submission successfully.
Built Basket summary view and delete api and connect with backend to make the basket recipe Summry page works


week9
Tested the program, improved features and bug fixed
Worked on the final report functinality part for recipe creation, recipe edit, delete and view, 
and functionalities on my profile including view personal informations, change password, edit user information, 
and challange, frontend Manual as well.

week10
Prepard final presentation for recipe part and testing the program and fix the related bugs.