Week 1

Group formed, created the Jira and Github accounts. 
Held a group meeting, exchanged contact information, taking the role as a Scrum Master.
Discussed with all team members about all available software tools and libraries that we can use for the project. 

Week 2

Held a group meeting, further discussed work distrubution, will be contributing to the backend group.
Further discussed technologies for backend. Assigned tasks on project proposal.

Week 3

Held group meetings, defined user stories, discussed project proposal in detail, contributed ideas as a group.
Created and designed stories & sprints in Jira, proof-read the entire proposal.
Modified, modified and compiled project proposal, then submitted the proposal.

Week 4

Started building features for backend, tested mysql database on AWS, updated Jira.
Managed code from git, organised a testing on the system for Demo A

Week 5

Finished up features for Demo A, successfully connected backend with AWS MySQL, organised meeting and practiced the first demo presentation. 
Spoke on behalf of team TomCat for Demo A.
Held a retrospective meeting straight after Demo A, discussed pros & cons and things to try.
Summarised retrospective report, proof-read, compiled and submitted the report.
Organised work distribution for Demo B, set up deadlines and cross-check schedules.

Week 6

Proof-read and compile the retrospective A, did submission.
Finished create/edit/delete/view recipe APIs. Uni-Break, no meetings.

Week 7

Finished newsfeed, profile APIs. Tracked development progress using Jira. Managed Github branches.
Held meetings for front-end back-end integration.

Week 8

Held meetings practice for Demo B. 
Spoke on behalf of team TomCat for Demo B.
Held a retrospective meeting straight after Demo B
Summarised retrospective report, proof-read, compiled and submitted the report.
Organised work distribution for Demo B, set up deadlines and cross-check schedules.
Finished Recommendation, Basket function
Checked up backend APIs, backend all finished.

Week 9

Organised meetings for front-end & back-end integration, also tracked progress.
Provided support to members finalising parts.
Fix bugs
Wrote part of report, integrated parts from other members.

Week 10
proof-read, compile and submit code and report.
Organise meetings practicing for final presentation.
